feat(FDNOCODE-46): documentation of ER Schema creation with No Code feature (#32)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/configuration/config_maps/erSchema.md

- the right side includes a collapsible panel, which shows the information about a projection or condition, if selected, or the list of projections of every System of Records not already added to the ER Schema: you can click on one of them to view the related details. You can also drag each projection to the canvas by yourself. This is useful if you need to include multiple projections when creating your ER Schema.

- the left side includes another collapsible panel, which shows a code editor with the current ER Schema configuration, in JSON format. You can also edit the ER Schema from there, and every update will be reflected immediately in the canvas. This JSON object is the exact ER Schema that will be used in Fast Data services and it has the same structure as the ER Schema available in the [Low Code configuration](/fast_data/configuration/single_view_creator/low_code.md).

> ### Adding projections in the ER Schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding projections to the ER Schema
```

You can select the _condition type_, for both the condition and its reverse, which can be one of the two values:
- _One to one_ (default), which means that the condition will fetch one document from a projection from one document to the other projection matching the condition;
- _One to many_, which means that the condition will fetch all the documents from one projection that match the condition with the document in the other projection;
You can select the _condition type_ going from _A_ to _B_ (in this example: from _pr_dishes_ to _pr_reviews_) and from _B_ to _A_ (from _pr_reviews_ to _pr_dishes_). 

Below are listed the rules that define conditions both ways. These rules are divided into three sections, each one with its tab:
- _A <-> B_: includes all those rules that will be used in the condition from _A_ to _B_ and vice versa. In the example of the screenshot above, the rule `id_dish = ID_DISH` means that the condition from _pr_dishes_ to _pr_reviews_ will connect the `id_dish` field in _pr_dishes_ to the `ID_DISH` in _pr_reviews_, and the condition from _pr_reviews_ to _pr_dishes_ will connect the `ID_DISH` in _pr_reviews_ to the `id_dish` field in _pr_dishes_;

> - _A -> B_: includes all those rules that will be used in conditions where filtering documents of projection _A_, executing queries based on comparison operations on fields of projection _B_ or constant values;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _A -> B_: includes all those rules that will be used in conditions by filtering documents of projection _A_ and executing queries based on comparison operations on fields of projection _B_ or constant values;
```

> - _B -> A_: includes all those rules that will be used only in the conditions where filtering starting from projection _B_, as explained above;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _B -> A_: includes all those rules that will be used in conditions by filtering documents of projection _B_, as explained above;
```

:::info

> Defining conditions in both ways is highly suggested to make sure that your ER Schema can be used in any Fast Data microservice (you can read more in the [Direction of the relationships](#direction-of-the-relationships) section). The panel will allow you to do that.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to say "highly suggested" instead of Mandatory? I'm not sure the Fast Data is working without the conditions declared both ways

Author: In my mind, not exactly. You might want to have different ER Schemas between Single View Creator and Real Time Updater since they uses different conditions, as example. But I wouldn't really use _mandatory_ here.

Reviewer 2: sounds reasonable. Do you think it is clear for the user that different er schemas can be created?

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should add a sentence clarifying that the ER Schema could be different for each microservice that uses it and it is not mandatory to have the same er schema for all the microservices involved in the generation of the single view

Author: I've updated the info box. Still not sure because I really don't feel the need to explain this concept, which seems very obvious to me. But feel free to suggest a better sentence/paragraph if you have something specific in mind.

> Defining conditions in both ways is highly suggested to make sure that your ER Schema can be used in any Fast Data microservice (you can read more in the [Direction of the relationships](#direction-of-the-relationships) section). The panel will allow you to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining conditions both ways is highly suggested to make sure that your ER Schema can be used in any Fast Data microservice (you can read more in the [Direction of the relationships](#direction-of-the-relationships) section). The panel will allow you to do that.
```

:::tip
You can only select fields that are included in the projection. In case you have multiple rules, you cannot select the same field multiple times.
:::

In the _A -> B_ tab (and also the _B -> A_, which works the same) you can click on the _+_ Rule_ button to create a new rule like the normal ones but with two important differences:
- you can decide which type of relationship between the two sides (instead of equality) based on the available [MongoDB comparison query operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/query/#comparison);
- the right side of the expression can be a field of the other projection or a constant value;

You can also create a group of rules by clicking the _+ Group_ button. Based on [MongoDB logical query operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/query/#logical), a group is a set of rules connected by the `and` (every rule in the group must be true) or `or` (at least one rule in the group must be true) logical operator.

![Condition editor from pr_dishes to pr_reviews, A -> B tab](../../img/er-schema-unidirectional-rule-editor.png)

:::tip

> The No Code feature has been implemented having in mind the idea to create ER Schemas following the structure of the Single View you want to create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The No Code feature has been implemented with the goal of creating ER Schemas which follow the structure of the Single View you want to create.
```

Keep this in mind when adding projections and conditions, to get an ER Schema which is both functional and easy to understand.
:::

### Delete a projection or a condition

You can always delete any projection or condition already configured. You have two ways of doing this.

You can do it by selecting the projection box or the condition line you want to remove and pressing the _backspace_ or the _Canc_ key.

Otherwise, you can select a projection or a condition and click on the _Delete_ button in the bottom right position of the right side panel.

:::caution
Removing a projection will also delete all of the conditions starting and ending from it.
:::

### Interact with the elements in the Canvas

:::caution

> The position of the elements (boxes and lines) in the canvas is automatically calculated to give the best overview of the ER Schema. You are free to reorganize projections in the canvas but these updates will not be saved when you will commit your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The position of the elements (boxes and lines) in the canvas is automatically calculated to give the best overview of the ER Schema. You are free to reorganize projections in the canvas but these updates will not be saved when you save the configuration.
```

:::

The canvas is made to help you create and improve your ER Schema and also to give you a look at the whole picture of the Single View that will be created from it. To help you to have the full picture of it, there are several buttons on the bottom-left side of the canvas to adjust the zoom, to lock the canvas to move around without the risk of moving boxes and lines, and an _Autolayout_ button that restores the canvas elements to the best position for a complete view. 

You can also zoom in and out with the scroll wheel of the mouse.

> Also, in case you make any mistake, you can use the _Undo_ and _Redo_ functionality: they can be toggled via the button at the bottom-right side of the canvas, or by pressing _Ctrl+Z__ and _Ctrl+Y_ (_Cmd+Z_ and _Cmd+Shift+Z_ for MacOS). 

Reviewer 2: it should be Cmd+Y even for Mac. @fedepini can you confirm?

Reviewer: Yes, it's CMD + Y, I would not include CMD + Shift + Z since it does not always work

Author: So, like this:

```suggestion
Also, in case you make any mistake, you can use the _Undo_ and _Redo_ functionality: they can be toggled via the button at the bottom-right side of the canvas, or by pressing _Ctrl+Z__ and _Ctrl+Y_. 
```

> Also, in case you make any mistake, you can use the _Undo_ and _Redo_ functionality: they can be toggled via the button at the bottom-right side of the canvas, or by pressing _Ctrl+Z__ and _Ctrl+Y_ (_Cmd+Z_ and _Cmd+Shift+Z_ for MacOS). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, in case you make any mistake, you can use the _Undo_ and _Redo_ functionality: they can be toggled via the button at the bottom-right side of the canvas, or by pressing _Ctrl+Z__ and _Ctrl+Y_ (_Cmd+Z_ and _Cmd+Y_ for MacOS). 
```

### The ER Schema code panel

Any update on the canvas will be translated into the ER Schema in real-time, and you can review this with the left side panel of the canvas.

This panel, visible by clicking on the `</>` icon, opens and closes a Code Editor which is fully working and allows you to see the structure of the ER Schema while you are updating it. This JSON structure will be the same structure that will be used in the Fast Data microservices. 

It is also possible to interact with the content of the Code Editor, like adding or removing lines. Updating the ER Schema from the Code Editor will reflect automatically in the canvas.

> Also, the Code Panel allows you to copy and paste your schema into an external file. You might want to use this feature to test the ER Schema with the [Fast Data Low Code Test Template application](https://github.com/mia-platform/fast-data-low-code-test-template). You can also export the content to the ER Schema Config Map used by the [Real Time Updater](/fast_data/configuration/realtime_updater/low_code.md#er-schema-configuration) and the [Single View Trigger Generator](/fast_data/configuration/single_view_trigger_generator.md), or you can just use it to create another ER Schema as well.

Reviewer: Would it be better to link the [newly created docs paragraph](https://github.com/mia-platform/documentation/pull/34/files) about the Test Template Repository instead of the actual repository?

### Error management

> The No Code feature can identify the most common problems in the ER Schema and it can prevent further modifications until these problems are not solved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The No Code feature can identify the most common problems in the ER Schema and it can prevent further modifications until these problems are solved.
```
